== conman - Bootstrap, generate, and manage your conman presentation

v0.0.1

=== Global Options
=== --help
Show this message




=== --version





=== Commands
==== build 
Generate the presentation from your slides



===== Options
===== -f file

File containing your slides

[Aliases] --slides-file
[Default Value] slides


===== -o file

Name of the generated HTML file

[Aliases] --output-file
[Default Value] index.html


==== help command
Shows a list of commands or help for one command


Gets help for the application or its commands. Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function
==== init dir_name
Create a new conman presentation


This will create a completely self-contained presentation that can be run just from the files
in the directory you name.  It will have a static copy of the JavaScript files, JavaScript third-party
libraries and CSS files you need to run your conman application.

You can examine the file `slides` to see some examples of how to format your
presentation.  You can run `conman build` in the directory to create the HTML
file from your slides.

Note that if you upgrade conman, you should run `conmand update` in your slide directory
to get the latest JavaScript and CSS files.
==== update [dir_name]
Update an existing slideshow with the latest Conman JS/CSS files


Run this after you've upgraded conman and want to get the latest features.  Since your 
slideshow is entirely self-contained, when you upgrade conmand, your static JavaScript and
CSS files will be out of date.

Note that `styles.css`, which was provided by conman as a basis for styling, will not
be touched, and your customizations will remain. All other files that conman gave you
when you ran `conman init` will be overwritten.
