== trickster - Bootstrap, generate, and manage your trickster presentation

v0.0.5

=== Global Options
=== --help
Show this message




=== --version





=== Commands
==== build [slides_file]
Generate the presentation from your slides


Given your slides_file (defaults to 'slides' in current directory), generates an HTML
file (based on --output-file) that, when loaded, can be used to play your presentation.

Any .scss files found in the css/ directory will be run through SASS to be converted.

Note that currently, the CSS and JS files included are fixed, so keep all your customizations
to styles.css/styles.scss and custom.js (these files will not be overwritten when
you do a trickster update).
===== Options
===== -o file

Name of the generated HTML file

[Aliases] --output-file
[Default Value] index.html


==== help command
Shows a list of commands or help for one command


Gets help for the application or its commands. Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function
==== init dir_name
Create a new trickster presentation


This will create a completely self-contained presentation that can be run just from the files
in the directory you name.  It will have a static copy of the JavaScript files, JavaScript third-party
libraries and CSS files you need to run your trickster application.

You can examine the file `slides` to see some examples of how to format your
presentation.  You can run `trickster build` in the directory to create the HTML
file from your slides.

Note that if you upgrade trickster, you should run `trickster update` in your slide directory
to get the latest JavaScript and CSS files.
===== Options
===== -t arg

Specify the syntax highlighting theme to use.  One of arta, ascetic, brown_paper, custom, dark, default, far, github, googlecode, idea, ir_black, magula, monokai, pojoaque, rainbow, school_book, solarized_dark, solarized_light, sunburst, tomorrow, tomorrow-night, tomorrow-night-blue, tomorrow-night-bright, tomorrow-night-eighties, vs, xcode, zenburn.  Use 'custom' to get an scss file you can easily customize.

[Aliases] --theme
[Default Value] default
[Must Match] ["arta", "ascetic", "brown_paper", "custom", "dark", "default", "far", "github", "googlecode", "idea", "ir_black", "magula", "monokai", "pojoaque", "rainbow", "school_book", "solarized_dark", "solarized_light", "sunburst", "tomorrow", "tomorrow-night", "tomorrow-night-blue", "tomorrow-night-bright", "tomorrow-night-eighties", "vs", "xcode", "zenburn"]


==== update [dir_name]
Update your slideshow with files provided by trickster



===== Commands
====== files slide_dir
Update the trickster JS/CSS files when you've updated the trickster gem


Run this after you've upgraded trickster and want to get the latest features.  Since your 
  slideshow is entirely self-contained, when you upgrade trickster, your static JavaScript and
  CSS files will be out of date.

  Note that `styles.css`, which was provided by trickster as a basis for styling, will not
  be touched, and your customizations will remain. All other files that trickster gave you
  when you ran `trickster init` will be overwritten.
====== theme slide_dir
Update the syntax-highlighting theme for your presentation


A normal 'trickster update' will leave your theme.css alone, since you can customize it.  This will overwrite
  your existing theme.css with the theme from trickster that you specify.  You should check your presentation
  into source control to avoid the destructive nature of this command.
======= Options
======= -t slide_dir

Specify the syntax highlighting theme to use.  One of arta, ascetic, brown_paper, custom, dark, default, far, github, googlecode, idea, ir_black, magula, monokai, pojoaque, rainbow, school_book, solarized_dark, solarized_light, sunburst, tomorrow, tomorrow-night, tomorrow-night-blue, tomorrow-night-bright, tomorrow-night-eighties, vs, xcode, zenburn.  Use 'custom' to get an scss file you can easily customize.

[Aliases] --theme
[Default Value] default
[Must Match] ["arta", "ascetic", "brown_paper", "custom", "dark", "default", "far", "github", "googlecode", "idea", "ir_black", "magula", "monokai", "pojoaque", "rainbow", "school_book", "solarized_dark", "solarized_light", "sunburst", "tomorrow", "tomorrow-night", "tomorrow-night-blue", "tomorrow-night-bright", "tomorrow-night-eighties", "vs", "xcode", "zenburn"]
A normal 'trickster update' will leave your theme.css alone, since you can customize it.  This will overwrite
  your existing theme.css with the theme from trickster that you specify.  You should check your presentation
  into source control to avoid the destructive nature of this command.

[Default Command] files
